[azure_billing] Add documentation for assigning roles in department and billing account scopes. (#9105)
elastic/integrations: packages/azure_billing/_dev/build/docs/README.md

To use this integration you will need:

> * **Azure App Registration**: You need to set up an Azure App Registration to allow the Agent to access the Azure APIs. The App Registration requires a role to access the billing information. The requried role is different depending on the subscription, department, or billing account scope. See more details in the [Setup section](#setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Azure App Registration**: You need to set up an Azure App Registration to allow the Agent to access the Azure APIs. The App Registration requires a role to access the billing information. The required role is different depending on the subscription, department, or billing account scope. Check the [Setup section](#setup) for more details.
```

#### Assign role

> Assign a role to the app registration depending on the scope you're interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign a role to the App Registration depending on the scope you're interested in.
```

> If you want to collect billing metrics from a single subscription, you only need to assign the **Billing Reader** to the app registration on that subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect billing metrics from a single subscription, assign the **Billing Reader** to the App Registration on that subscription:
```

1. Click the **Select** button.
1. Then click the **Review + assign** button.

You can use the department scope (EA accounts only) or the billing account scope (EA and MCA accounts) to collect billing metrics from multiple subscriptions.

> To collect billing metrics using from a department (instead of from a subscription):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect billing metrics from a department (instead of a subscription):
```

> 1. In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/), search for and select **Cost Management + Billing**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/), search for and select **Cost Management** and **Billing**.
```

Author: @alaudazzi, I know it looks weird, but "Cost Management + Billing" is the actual name of the service:

![CleanShot 2024-02-15 at 19 40 01@2x](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/assets/25941/19a7742e-575a-45d8-ac5a-a92c3872a57d)

Should we use "Cost Management and Billing" instead?

1. Select **Billing** > **Departments** and select the department you're interested in.
1. Select **Access control (IAM)**.
1. Select **Add**.
1. In the **Add role assignment** panel, select the role **Department reader**.

> 1. In the **Users, groups, or apps** search box, type the name of the app registration you created and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Users, groups, or apps** search box, type the name of the App Registration you created and select it.
```

1. Click on the **Add** button.

> To collect billing metrics using from a billing account (instead of from a subscription):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect billing metrics from a billing account (instead of a subscription):
```

> 1. In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/), search for and select **Cost Management + Billing**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/), search for and select **Cost Management** and **Billing**.
```

1. Select **Access control (IAM)**.
1. Select **Add**.

> 1. In the **Add role assignment** panel, select the role **Billing account reader** (View-only access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Add role assignment** panel, select the role **Billing account reader** (view-only access).
```

> 1. In the **Users, groups, or apps** search box, type the name of the app registration you created and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Users, groups, or apps** search box, type the name of the App Registration you created and select it.
```
